Clarify ssl usage for Sensu Go (#1397)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.0/reference/backend.md

| cert-file  |      |
-------------|------

> description  | SSL/TLS certificate. This certificate secures communication with the Sensu Dashboard and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | Path to the primary backend certificate file. This certificate secures communications between Sensu Dashboard and end user web browsers, as well as communication between sensuctl and the Sensu API.
```

type         | String
default      | `""`

>   example      | {{< highlight shell >}}# Command line example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
example      | {{< highlight shell >}}# Command line example
```

| etcd-cert-file |      |
-----------------|------

> description      | Path to the client server TLS cert file. Secures communication with the etcd client server.

Reviewer: In this case what is "the etcd client server"?

I think this and many similar descriptions in the PR can be made more clear by specifying which things the communication is between.

```suggestion
description      | Path to the etcd client API TLS cert file. Secures communication between the embedded etcd client API and any etcd clients.
```

| etcd-key-file  |      |
-----------------|------

> description      | Path to the client server TLS key file. Secures communication with the etcd client server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description      | Path to the etcd client API TLS key file. Secures communication between the embedded etcd client API and any etcd clients.
```

| etcd-peer-key-file |      |
---------------------|------

> description          | Path to the peer server TLS key file. Secures communication with the etcd peer server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description          | Path to the etcd peer API TLS key file. Secures communication between etcd cluster members.
```

> | etcd-peer-trusted-ca-file |      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| etcd-peer-cert-file |      |
```

----------------------------|------

> description                 | Path to the peer server TLS key file. Secures communication with the etcd peer server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description                 | Path to the peer server TLS certificate file. This certificate secures communication between etcd cluster members.
```
